# # ItemDraft

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**category_id** | **string** | The ID of the leaf category associated with this item.  A leaf category is the lowest level in that category and has no children. &lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;span class&#x3D;\&quot;tablenote\&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note: &lt;/b&gt; If you submit both a category ID and an EPID, eBay determines the best category based on the EPID and uses that. The category ID will be ignored. &lt;/span&gt; | [optional]
**condition** | **string** | The enumeration value passed in here sets the condition of the item, such as &lt;code&gt;NEW&lt;/code&gt; or &lt;code&gt;USED_EXCELLENT&lt;/code&gt;. See &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/api-docs/sell/listing/types/api:ConditionEnum\&quot;&gt;ConditionEnum&lt;/a&gt; for the full list of supported values.&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;Supported item conditions can vary by eBay category. To see which item conditions are supported for a category, you can use the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/api-docs/sell/metadata/resources/marketplace/methods/getItemConditionPolicies\&quot;&gt;getItemConditionPolicies&lt;/a&gt; method of the &lt;strong&gt;Metadata API&lt;/strong&gt;. &lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;span class&#x3D;\&quot;tablenote\&quot;&gt; &lt;strong&gt;Note:&lt;/strong&gt; The &#39;Manufacturer Refurbished&#39; item condition is no longer a valid item condition in any eBay marketplace, and to reflect this change, the pre-existing &lt;code&gt;MANUFACTURER_REFURBISHED&lt;/code&gt; enumeration value has been replaced by the &lt;code&gt;CERTIFIED_REFURBISHED&lt;/code&gt; enumeration value. CR-eligible sellers should make a note to start using &lt;code&gt;CERTIFIED_REFURBISHED&lt;/code&gt; from this point forward. To list an item as &#39;Certified Refurbished&#39;, a seller must be pre-qualified by eBay for this feature. Any seller who is not eligible for this feature will be blocked if they try to create a new listing or revise an existing listing with this item condition. &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt; Any seller that is interested in eligibility requirements to list with &#39;Certified Refurbished&#39; should see the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;https://pages.ebay.com/seller-center/listing-and-marketing/certified-refurbished-program.html\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Certified refurbished program&lt;/a&gt; page in Seller Center. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;span class&#x3D;\&quot;tablenote\&quot;&gt; &lt;strong&gt;Note:&lt;/strong&gt; As of September 1, 2021, &lt;code&gt;SELLER_REFURBISHED&lt;/code&gt; can no longer be used as a condition value in the &lt;strong&gt;Cell Phones &amp; Smartphones&lt;/strong&gt; category (category ID 9355) for the following marketplaces: US, Canada, UK, Germany, and Australia. The &lt;code&gt;SELLER_REFURBISHED&lt;/code&gt; item condition will be replaced by one of three new refurbished values, which include &lt;code&gt;EXCELLENT_REFURBISHED&lt;/code&gt; (condition ID 2010), &lt;code&gt;VERY_GOOD_REFURBISHED&lt;/code&gt;, and &lt;code&gt;GOOD_REFURBISHED&lt;/code&gt; (condition ID 2030). To use any of these new refurbished item conditions in category 9355, sellers must go through an application and qualification process. Any seller who is not eligible to use these new refurbished item conditions in category 9355 will get an error if they try to create an item draft with any of these three new item conditions. &lt;/span&gt; For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/listing/types/api:ConditionEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional]
**format** | **string** | The format of the listing. &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;b&gt;Valid Values: &lt;/b&gt; &lt;code&gt;FIXED_PRICE&lt;/code&gt; and &lt;code&gt;AUCTION&lt;/code&gt; For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/listing/types/api:ListingFormatEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional]
**pricing_summary** | [**\TNT\Ebay\Sell\ListingBeta\V1\Model\PricingSummary**](PricingSummary.md) |  | [optional]
**product** | [**\TNT\Ebay\Sell\ListingBeta\V1\Model\Product**](Product.md) |  | [optional]
**charity** | [**\TNT\Ebay\Sell\ListingBeta\V1\Model\Charity**](Charity.md) |  | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
