# # AspectConstraint

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**aspect_applicable_to** | **string[]** | This value indicate if the aspect identified by the &lt;b&gt;aspects.localizedAspectName&lt;/b&gt; field is a product aspect (relevant to catalog products in the category) or an item/instance aspect, which is an aspect whose value will vary based on a particular instance of the product. | [optional]
**aspect_data_type** | **string** | The data type of this aspect. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/commerce/taxonomy/types/txn:AspectDataTypeEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional]
**aspect_enabled_for_variations** | **bool** | A value of &lt;code&gt;true&lt;/code&gt; indicates that this aspect can be used to help identify item variations. | [optional]
**aspect_format** | **string** | &lt;i&gt;Returned only if&lt;/i&gt; the value of &lt;b&gt;aspectDataType&lt;/b&gt; identifies a data type that requires specific formatting. Currently, this field provides formatting hints as follows: &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;DATE&lt;/b&gt;: &lt;code&gt;YYYY&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;YYYYMM&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;YYYYMMDD&lt;/code&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;NUMBER&lt;/b&gt;: &lt;code&gt;int32&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;double&lt;/code&gt;&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; | [optional]
**aspect_max_length** | **int** | The maximum length of the item/instance aspect&#39;s value. The seller must make sure not to exceed this length when specifying the instance aspect&#39;s value for a product. This field is only returned for instance aspects. | [optional]
**aspect_mode** | **string** | The manner in which values of this aspect must be specified by the seller (as free text or by selecting from available options).  For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/commerce/taxonomy/types/txn:AspectModeEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional]
**aspect_required** | **bool** | A value of &lt;code&gt;true&lt;/code&gt; indicates that this aspect is required when offering items in the specified category. | [optional]
**aspect_usage** | **string** | The enumeration value returned in this field will indicate if the corresponding aspect is recommended or optional. &lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;span class&#x3D;\&quot;tablenote\&quot;&gt; &lt;strong&gt;Note:&lt;/strong&gt; This field is always returned, even for hard-mandated/required aspects (where &lt;code&gt;&lt;strong&gt;aspectRequired&lt;/strong&gt;: true&lt;/code&gt;). The value returned for required aspects will be &lt;code&gt;RECOMMENDED&lt;/code&gt;, but they are actually required and a seller will be blocked from listing or revising an item without these aspects. &lt;/span&gt; For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/commerce/taxonomy/types/txn:AspectUsageEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional]
**expected_required_by_date** | **string** | The expected date after which the aspect will be required.&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;span class&#x3D;\&quot;tablenote\&quot;&gt; &lt;strong&gt;Note:&lt;/strong&gt; The value returned in this field specifies only an approximate date, which may not reflect the actual date after which the aspect is required.&lt;/span&gt; | [optional]
**item_to_aspect_cardinality** | **string** | Indicates whether this aspect can accept single or multiple values for items in the specified category.&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;span class&#x3D;\&quot;tablenote\&quot;&gt; &lt;strong&gt;Note:&lt;/strong&gt; Up to 30 values can be supplied for aspects that accept multiple values.&lt;/span&gt; For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/commerce/taxonomy/types/txn:ItemToAspectCardinalityEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
