# # RateTableDetails

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**marketplace_id** | **string** | Identifies the eBay marketplace to which the shipping rate table applies. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/account/types/ba:MarketplaceIdEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional]
**name** | **string** | The seller-defined name for the shipping rate table. Names must be unique for each table assigned to the same seller, shippingOptionType, and eBay marketplace.&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;b&gt;Max length:&lt;/b&gt; 50 | [optional]
**rates** | [**\TNT\Ebay\Sell\Account\V2\Model\Rate[]**](Rate.md) | An array of rate objects associated with the specified shipping rate table. Each rate object is identified by a unique system-generated ID and defines specific shipping rate information. | [optional]
**rate_table_basis** | **string** | The rate calculation type provides three methods of calculating the shipping cost based on the seller&#39;s selection/input:&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;ITEM&lt;/b&gt;: Specifies the flat rate shipping cost that buyers in the specified shipping region will pay. When this option is selected, information specified in the rate table overrides all shipping options/costs that are specified at the listing level. Buyers in the specified regions will only see the services provided in the rate table. Buyers in other regions that are not specified in the rate table will see the shipping services associated with the listing.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;WEIGHT&lt;/b&gt;: Seller can provide minimum shipping cost and an additional shipping cost per pound. The additional cost will be calculated based on the weight the seller provide at the time of listing. Buyers will see the total shipping cost and won’t see these calculations.  Buyers in the specified regions will only see the services provided in the rate table. Buyers in other regions that were not specified in the rate table, will see the shipping services associated with the listing.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;SURCHARGE&lt;/b&gt;: Lists surcharges for buyers within specified regions, or indicates a flat amount added to the shipping cost specified within an item&#39;s listing. Buyers will see only the total shipping cost as well as shipping services associated with the item&#39;s listing. If a SURCHARGE is specified in the rate table for certain regions, buyers in those regions will see the (shipping cost + SURCHARGE) total.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt; For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/account/types/api:ShippingRateCalculationEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional]
**rate_table_id** | **string** | A unique, system-generated ID assigned to the shipping rate table when it is initially created. | [optional]
**shipping_option_type** | **string** | The region serviced by the shipping rate table. Valid values are:&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;DOMESTIC&lt;/b&gt;: Indicates that the shipping rate table applies to shipping destinations within the country in which an item has been listed (i.e., the &lt;i&gt;source&lt;/i&gt; country).&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;INTERNATIONAL&lt;/b&gt;: Indicates that the shipping rate table applies to shipping destinations outside of the country in which an item has been listed.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt; For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/account/types/api:ShippingOptionTypeEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
