# # ItemsPagedCollection

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**href** | **string** | The URI of the current page of results from the result set. | [optional]
**limit** | **int** | The number of items returned on a single page from the result set. This value can be set in the request with the &lt;b&gt;limit&lt;/b&gt; query parameter. | [optional]
**listings** | [**\TNT\Ebay\Sell\Marketing\V1\Model\ListingDetail[]**](ListingDetail.md) | An array of the listings associated with a promotion. | [optional]
**next** | **string** | The URI for the following page of results. This value is returned only if there is an additional page of results to display from the result set. &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;b&gt;Max length&lt;/b&gt;: 2048 | [optional]
**offset** | **int** | The number of results skipped in the result set before listing the first returned result. This value can be set in the request with the &lt;b&gt;offset&lt;/b&gt; query parameter. &lt;p class&#x3D;\&quot;tablenote\&quot;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Note: &lt;/strong&gt;The items in a paginated result set use a zero-based list where the first item in the list has an offset of &lt;code&gt;0&lt;/code&gt;.&lt;/p&gt; | [optional]
**prev** | **string** | The URI for the preceding page of results. This value is returned only if there is a previous page of results to display from the result set. &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;b&gt;Max length&lt;/b&gt;: 2048 | [optional]
**total** | **int** | The total number of items retrieved in the result set.  &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;If no items are found, this field is returned with a value of &lt;code&gt;0&lt;/code&gt;. | [optional]
**warnings** | [**\TNT\Ebay\Sell\Marketing\V1\Model\Error[]**](Error.md) | A list of warnings that were generated by the request. Warning do not stop processing, but should be checked to ensure that the response contains the correct information. | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
