# # SelectionRule

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**brands** | **string[]** | An array of product brands used as an inclusion filter. A product&#39;s brand is defined in a listing&#39;s item specifics. This array will be returned if  one or more product brands were used as a filter. | [optional]
**category_ids** | **string[]** | A list of category IDs associated with the listings to be included in the campaign. Ads are created for all the seller&#39;s items listed in the specified categories, up to a maximum of 50,000 items. The IDs can be either a list of eBay category IDs (from the site where the item is hosted), or a list of category IDs defined and used by the seller&#39;s store. &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;eBay Marketplace category IDs&lt;/b&gt;  &lt;br&gt;To get a list of marketplace category IDs, do one of the following:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Get a list of category IDs for a marketplace by adding &lt;code&gt;/sch/allcategories/all-categories&lt;/code&gt; to the marketplace URL when browsing the site. &lt;br&gt;For example: &lt;code&gt; http://www.ebay.com.au/sch/allcategories/all-categories&lt;/code&gt; &lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Navigate to the desired category on the host site and copy the category ID from the URL.&lt;/li&gt;  &lt;li&gt;These options are also available for the US marketplace: &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;See &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;http://pages.ebay.com/sellerinformation/news/categorychanges.html \&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Category Changes&lt;/a&gt; for the latest list of category IDs.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Retrieve a list of category IDs using the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/api-docs/commerce/taxonomy/resources/methods\&quot;&gt;Taxonomy API&lt;/a&gt;.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Seller store category IDs&lt;/b&gt; &lt;br&gt;Because store category IDs are uniquely defined and maintained by each seller, this service cannot provide a list of a seller&#39;s IDs. However, sellers can retrieve their store category IDs as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&lt;ol&gt;&lt;li&gt;Go to &lt;b&gt;Seller Hub&lt;/b&gt; &amp;gt; &lt;b&gt;Marketing&lt;/b&gt;.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Click &lt;b&gt;Manage store categories&lt;/b&gt;. &lt;br&gt;  A list of your store categories displays.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;Click the &lt;b&gt;All categories&lt;/b&gt; link displayed at the bottom of the list. &lt;br&gt;A complete list of your store categories and their associated store category IDs displays.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ol&gt; | [optional]
**category_scope** | **string** | The enumeration values returned in this field indicate if the category IDs in the corresponding categoryIds array are identifiers for eBay categories or for a seller&#39;s eBay store categories. This field is always returned if one or more category IDs are used as a filter. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/marketing/types/sme:CategoryScopeEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional]
**listing_condition_ids** | **string[]** | A comma-separated list of unique identifiers for the conditions of listings to be included in the campaign. Up to four IDs can be specified.&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;This array is only returned if one or more item condition values are used as a filter.&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;span class&#x3D;\&quot;tablenote\&quot;&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Note:&lt;/strong&gt; Multiple listing condition IDs are mapped to the four valid values listed below. Refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/api-docs/sell/static/marketing/pl-campaign-flow-pls.html#add-by-rule\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Promoted Listings Standard campaign flow&lt;/a&gt; for more details.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Valid Values:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;1000&lt;/code&gt; &#x3D; New&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;2000&lt;/code&gt; &#x3D; Certified Refurbished&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;2500&lt;/code&gt; &#x3D; Seller Refurbished&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;3000&lt;/code&gt; &#x3D; Used&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt; | [optional]
**max_price** | [**\TNT\Ebay\Sell\Marketing\V1\Model\Amount**](Amount.md) |  | [optional]
**min_price** | [**\TNT\Ebay\Sell\Marketing\V1\Model\Amount**](Amount.md) |  | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
